Example repo of small apps or visualizations at various stages of maturity for use case of modelling 2d subsurface data slices in 3d and allowing user feature extraction with plotly selectors.

The goal is an app experience similar to commonly used subsurface software that allows for capture of features of interest to subsurface data experts. Of note, this should capture all features of interest to the user wheras most software currently only captures salt domes. Also of note, this should try to use the common subsurface data selection format of presenting perpendicular 2d slices for users to then extract features from as well as 

**2don3** 
makes 3d color shaded by data density surface plot from 2d data. z thickness bounds are adjustable on a single z selector
usecase - potential modelling method for 2d slices that need to appear in 3space

**2dperpendicularsliceselection.py**
Primitive rough draft attempting to model 2d slices of 3d data with bounding boxes into the 3d plane.

**dashtest.py**
quick sanity check to verify dash is installed

**2dslicein3dplane.py**
decently advanced test draft
features -
<ins>Data generation</ins> that is seeded. generated data is of one blob inside of another via sklearn make_blobs. Blobs are colored red for outter and blue for inner. 
<ins>Generated 3d data plot</ins> 3d scatter plot of initially generated inner and outter blobs data
A <ins>plane is selectable</ins>. Once chosen, data slices from the 2 perpendicular planes are generated which use a formula to ensure they still contain data from both outter and inner blobs. They appear in 2d subplots maintaining the red and blue coloration of data origin.
<ins>Data selector tools</ins> Actually stock in plotly in the upper right of any plot. Of note are the bounding box selector and the lasso selector.
A <ins>toggle selected data button</ins> which will display a data table containing all selected data points that users select from both of the 2d slice subplots via lasso or bounding box tool. Will also generate an interpolated polygon based on this data and then plot it on the polygon interpolation plot when pressed. 
<ins>polygon interpolation plot</ins> Same as the initial Generated 3d data plot except it will also show a polygon crudely generated by simply connecting the selected datasets of interest along the z axis with straight lines. This method is not final, the final method here should only accept bounding box selected data and then use statistical and DS methods already in our larger codebase to then do feature extraction as well as defining the 3d volume based on these 2d slice excerpts. 

usecase- replicate idea of mass confined in another mass. Find ways to iteratively model this. Test user data selection methods. Test to see if these processes successfully allowed for a rough recreation of the initial inner blob data as well as feature capture. 

**app.py**
Evolution of 2dslicein3dplane.py which splits the generate polygon functionality out of the toggle selected data button and into its own button. Fixes bugs and changes naming conventions. Current best in class.